Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/configure-the-primary-user-store.md

[Configure userstores]({{base_path}}/deploy/configure-user-stores).

!!! info 

>     WSO2 Identity Server uses embedded H2 database as its primary userstore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    WSO2 Identity Server uses the embedded H2 database as its primary user store.
```

    <tr class="odd">
    <td><p>LDAP ActiveDirectory</p></td>
    <td><code>               org.wso2.carbon.user.core.ldap.UniqueIDReadOnlyLDAPUserStoreManager              </code></td>
    <td>Used to do read-only operations for LDAP or ActiveDirectory userstores</td>
    </tr>
    <tr class="even">
    <td>LDAP</td>
    <td><code>               org.wso2.carbon.user.core.ldap.UniqueIDReadWriteLDAPUserStoreManager              </code></td>

>     <td>Used for LDAP userstores to do both read and write operations. This is the default primary userstore configuration in the deployment.toml file for WSO2 Identity Server</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>Used for LDAP user stores to do both read and write operations. This is the default primary user store configuration in the <code>deployment.toml</code> file for WSO2 Identity Server.</td>
```
